Formatting changes to templates (#1667)
GoogleCloudPlatform/DataflowTemplates: v2/googlecloud-to-elasticsearch/README_BigQuery_to_Elasticsearch_Xlang.md

### Required parameters

> * **connectionUrl** : The Elasticsearch URL in the format `https://hostname:[port]`. If using Elastic Cloud, specify the CloudID. (Example: https://elasticsearch-host:9200).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **connectionUrl** : The Elasticsearch URL in the format `https://hostname:[port]`. If using Elastic Cloud, specify the CloudID. For example, `https://elasticsearch-host:9200`.
```

* **apiKey** : The Base64-encoded API key to use for authentication.

> * **index** : The Elasticsearch index that the requests are issued to. (Example: my-index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **index** : The Elasticsearch index that the requests are issued to. For example, `my-index`.
```

### Optional parameters

> * **inputTableSpec** : The BigQuery table to read from. If you specify `inputTableSpec`, the template reads the data directly from BigQuery storage by using the BigQuery Storage Read API (https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/storage). For information about limitations in the Storage Read API, see https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/storage#limitations. You must specify either `inputTableSpec` or `query`. If you set both parameters, the template uses the `query` parameter. (Example: <BIGQUERY_PROJECT>:<DATASET_NAME>.<INPUT_TABLE>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **inputTableSpec** : The BigQuery table to read from. If you specify `inputTableSpec`, the template reads the data directly from BigQuery storage by using the BigQuery Storage Read API (https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/storage). For information about limitations in the Storage Read API, see https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/storage#limitations. You must specify either `inputTableSpec` or `query`. If you set both parameters, the template uses the `query` parameter. Example: `<BIGQUERY_PROJECT>:<DATASET_NAME>.<INPUT_TABLE>`.
```

* **useLegacySql** : Set to `true` to use legacy SQL. This parameter only applies when using the `query` parameter. Defaults to: `false`.
* **queryLocation** : Needed when reading from an authorized view without underlying table's permission. (Example: US).
* **elasticsearchUsername** : The Elasticsearch username to authenticate with. If specified, the value of `apiKey` is ignored.
* **elasticsearchPassword** : The Elasticsearch password to authenticate with. If specified, the value of `apiKey` is ignored.
* **batchSize** : The batch size in number of documents. Defaults to: `1000`.
* **batchSizeBytes** : The batch size in number of bytes. Defaults to: `5242880` (5mb).
* **maxRetryAttempts** : The maximum number of retry attempts. Must be greater than zero. Defaults to: `no retries`.

> * **maxRetryDuration** : The maximum retry duration in milliseconds. Must be greater than zero. Defaults to: `no retries`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **maxRetryDuration** : The maximum retry duration in milliseconds. Must be greater than zero. Defaults to `no retries`.
```

> * **propertyAsIndex** : The property in the document being indexed whose value specifies `_index` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Takes precedence over an `_index` UDF. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **propertyAsIndex** : The property in the document being indexed whose value specifies `_index` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Takes precedence over an `_index` UDF. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptIndexFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for a function that specifies `_index` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptIndexFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for a function that specifies `_index` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptIndexFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that specifies `_index` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptIndexFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that specifies `_index` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **propertyAsId** : A property in the document being indexed whose value specifies `_id` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Takes precedence over an `_id` UDF. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **propertyAsId** : A property in the document being indexed whose value specifies `_id` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Takes precedence over an `_id` UDF. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptIdFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for the function that specifies `_id` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptIdFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for the function that specifies `_id` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptIdFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that specifies the `_id` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptIdFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that specifies the `_id` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptTypeFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for a function that specifies `_type` metadata to include with documents in bulk requests. Default: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptTypeFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for a function that specifies `_type` metadata to include with documents in bulk requests. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptTypeFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that specifies the `_type` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptTypeFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that specifies the `_type` metadata to include with the document in bulk requests. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptIsDeleteFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for the function that determines whether to delete the document instead of inserting or updating it. The function returns a string value of `true` or `false`. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptIsDeleteFnGcsPath** : The Cloud Storage path to the JavaScript UDF source for the function that determines whether to delete the document instead of inserting or updating it. The function returns a string value of `true` or `false`. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **javaScriptIsDeleteFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that determines whether to delete the document instead of inserting or updating it. The function returns a string value of `true` or `false`. Defaults to: `none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **javaScriptIsDeleteFnName** : The name of the UDF JavaScript function that determines whether to delete the document instead of inserting or updating it. The function returns a string value of `true` or `false`. Defaults to `none`.
```

> * **usePartialUpdate** : Whether to use partial updates (update rather than create or index, allowing partial documents) with Elasticsearch requests. Defaults to: `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **usePartialUpdate** : Whether to use partial updates (update rather than create or index, allowing partial documents) with Elasticsearch requests. Defaults to `false`.
```

> * **bulkInsertMethod** : Whether to use `INDEX` (index, allows upserts) or `CREATE` (create, errors on duplicate _id) with Elasticsearch bulk requests. Defaults to: `CREATE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **bulkInsertMethod** : Whether to use `INDEX` (index, allows upserts) or `CREATE` (create, errors on duplicate _id) with Elasticsearch bulk requests. Defaults to `CREATE`.
```

> * **trustSelfSignedCerts** : Whether to trust self-signed certificate or not. An Elasticsearch instance installed might have a self-signed certificate, Enable this to true to by-pass the validation on SSL certificate. (Defaults to: `false`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **trustSelfSignedCerts** : Whether to trust self-signed certificate or not. An Elasticsearch instance installed might have a self-signed certificate. To bypass validation for the certificate, set this parameter to `true`. Defaults to `false`.
```

> * **disableCertificateValidation** : If `true`, trust the self-signed SSL certificate. An Elasticsearch instance might have a self-signed certificate. To bypass validation for the certificate, set this parameter to `true`. Default: `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **disableCertificateValidation** : If `true`, trust the self-signed SSL certificate. An Elasticsearch instance might have a self-signed certificate. To bypass validation for the certificate, set this parameter to `true`. Defaults to `false`.
```

> * **apiKeyKMSEncryptionKey** : The Cloud KMS key to decrypt the API key. This parameter must be provided if the apiKeySource is set to KMS. If this parameter is provided, apiKey string should be passed in encrypted. Encrypt parameters using the KMS API encrypt endpoint. For the key, use the format `projects/<PROJECT_ID>/locations/<KEY_REGION>/keyRings/<KEY_RING>/cryptoKeys/<KMS_KEY_NAME>`. See: https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys/encrypt  (Example: projects/your-project-id/locations/global/keyRings/your-keyring/cryptoKeys/your-key-name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **apiKeyKMSEncryptionKey** : The Cloud KMS key to decrypt the API key. This parameter must be provided if the apiKeySource is set to KMS. If this parameter is provided, apiKey string should be passed in encrypted. Encrypt parameters using the KMS API encrypt endpoint. For the key, use the format `projects/<PROJECT_ID>/locations/<KEY_REGION>/keyRings/<KEY_RING>/cryptoKeys/<KMS_KEY_NAME>`. See: https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys/encrypt.  Example: `projects/your-project-id/locations/global/keyRings/your-keyring/cryptoKeys/your-key-name`.
```

> * **apiKeySecretId** : Secret Manager secret ID for the apiKey. If the `apiKeySource` is set to `SECRET_MANAGER`, provide this parameter. Use the format `projects/<PROJECT_ID>/secrets/<SECRET_ID>/versions/<SECRET_VERSION>. (Example: projects/your-project-id/secrets/your-secret/versions/your-secret-version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **apiKeySecretId** : The Secret Manager secret ID for the apiKey. If the `apiKeySource` is set to `SECRET_MANAGER`, provide this parameter. Use the format `projects/<PROJECT_ID>/secrets/<SECRET_ID>/versions/<SECRET_VERSION>`. Example: `projects/your-project-id/secrets/your-secret/versions/your-secret-version`.
```

> * **apiKeySource** : Source of the API key. One of `PLAINTEXT`, `KMS` or `SECRET_MANAGER`. This parameter must be provided if secret manager or KMS is used. If `apiKeySource` is set to `KMS`, `apiKeyKMSEncryptionKey` and encrypted apiKey must be provided. If `apiKeySource` is set to `SECRET_MANAGER`, `apiKeySecretId` must be provided. If `apiKeySource` is set to `PLAINTEXT`, apiKey must be provided. Defaults to: PLAINTEXT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **apiKeySource** : The source of the API key. Allowed values are `PLAINTEXT`, `KMS`, and `SECRET_MANAGER`. This parameter is required when Secret Manager or KMS is used. If `apiKeySource` is set to `KMS`, you must provide an `apiKeyKMSEncryptionKey` and an encrypted apiKey. If `apiKeySource` is set to `SECRET_MANAGER`, you must provide `apiKeySecretId`. If `apiKeySource` is set to `PLAINTEXT`, you must provide `apiKey`. Defaults to `PLAINTEXT`.
```
